Doc edits: Guides (#496)
zama-ai/fhevm: docs/guides/reencryption.md

# How to get a re-encryption

> This document explains how to perform a re-encryption. The process involves implementing a contract function to retrieve the ciphertext and then using client-side code to re-encrypt the ciphertext.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document explains how to perform re-encryption. Re-encryption is required when you want a user to access their private data without it being exposed to the blockchain.

To preform the process you will first need to retrieve the ciphertext from the blockchain and then use the client-side code to preform the re-encryption.
```

Reviewer: Adding an explanation in the start why is re-encryption needed. This is useful if the developer is not familiar with the term.

> Re-encryption is the process of converting ciphertext encrypted with an FHE blockchain key into ciphertext encrypted with a NaCl public key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Re-encryption allows you to securely convert the encrypted ciphertext from one form - encrypted with a FHE blockchain key - to another - encrypted with a Client-side public key (NaCl public key) without revealing the underlying plaintext in between.
```
